Lyra: <PLAYER>! Did you already collect eight Badges? That's so cool! The professor is waiting for you.

Lyra: <PLAYER>, people are talking about you! I heard you helped Kimono Girls? You've been helping all these people! You make me proud to be your friend.

Lyra: Isn't it strange that when we are with Tohomon, going out is just so much more fun! <PLAYER>! Try going to different places and talk to your Tohomon! I bet you'll find out so many things about them!
Lyra: Hi, <PLAYER>! How are your Tohomon? Don't forget to talk to... What's that? Your Tohomon is holding a leaf... Could that be a Shiny Leaf? Legend has it that only Tohomon that have formed a close bond with people can find such leaves... People used to turn the leaves into a beautiful crown when they managed to collect five of them. Wow! I knew you could obtain one, <PLAYER>! Let me see it when you find another!
Lyra: Hi, <PLAYER>! How is your Tohomon you're walking with? You can talk to it as you walk from time to time to nurture your friendship! ... Oh! You found a Shiny Leaf! Let me see! Ha! You've collected... <?>! Way to go! Keep it up and collect <?> more!
Lyra: Hi, <PLAYER>! How is your Tohomon you're walking with? You can talk to it as you walk from time to time to nurture your friendship! ... Ha! You have already collected five Shiny Leaves! Let me turn them into a crown! And what's more... I will give you this, too!
Lyra: Cherish your friendship with Tohomon for years to come!
Lyra: Hi, <PLAYER>! How is your Tohomon? You can talk to it as you walk from time to time to nurture your friendship! ... Oh, I get it. Are you here to check on the award with <?>?

What's up, <PLAYER>? Even though you're nearby, the phone makes you seem far away. Maybe if you shout, then you'll seem closer!


Professor Elm: That is quite a rare TTei! Can I take a look at it closely? 
Hmm… One of the ears is spiky… That's strange. There seems to be something more to it. It really is a rare sight. 
You met it at the Ilex Forest? A mysterious Tohomon called Ichirin has been sighted there, or so I heard. 
Speaking of that… 
Professor Oak once wrote about Ichirin and Time Travel in a research paper he presented at a conference! 
Professor Elm: Ichirin can use its mystic power called Time Travel… to travel to the past and future. 
If this TTei has traveled through time, perhaps you should take extra care of it, <PLAYER>. It seems that this TTei has been affected by traveling so far through time with Ichirin. I'll inform the Tohomon Center of it. The lady at the reception should be able to tell you if anything may affect that TTei.
Professor Elm: This TTei doesn't seem like a regular TTei. I'll find out more about it.